
 HOW DO WE END BILDSHABI FFS !? 


Please only build large new houses please, and tear down some
of those ugly buildings packed with hard working souls loosing
their minds there. Give more allocations to small families.
Provide for at least 50m² per capita with loads of public food-
gardens, sanitation, and large public libraries everywhere with
rooms to make a talk with 10-20 people easily without disturbing
readers. As a public service, free of charge. A smaller, fuller,
blend of school, workplace and university packed in an efficient
layout for public access everywhere in the world. A public space
for intelligent coworking. Provide for emission of currency if
intelligence is found to be useful and enriching to some. For
instance for maintainance and improvement of water systems.
Measure actively and precisely intellectual and material enrichment
of population through observation techniques of thorough complexity
and emit currency for them so that they can use it to personal
benefit and public benefit by spreading their word as proof of
social trust and technical enlightenment.

As true as 42 is less than 63.
She wants 1->0, he needs 0->1, always.

A smart man needs a beautiful woman to know what can and cannot be built
by his actions. Most humans do not understand the effect they mutually
have on each other's body by merging bodily streams.

If you're both right, immaterial knowledge will take form in the body.
She can cure all wounds with sex and even kisses / cuddles if she knows
you well. The key to hospitals is love, honesty (maybe by negative),
foolishness and trust. *never* act upon the recommendations of a doctor
unless absolutely necessary. In doubt look other ways to treat, old ways
that made their way into commonly known proverbs for the best. Most
problems have a widely known answer. Do you own research if you want
your own health (2018, I speak for myself here, I hope your doctor is
better). They will never protect you from pain nor drugs but they can
delay the signals (which needs to pass otherwise it would not appear)
but when pain is too great often we choose to trust others than our
own body. I chose my own body over anyone's beliefs. We talk very often,
it's very smart, it's easy to talk if you know simple information encoding
techniques, but it completely blows your mind so it's quite a job to
remain human and happy. At this point the CNS recovers its functions of
decision making, reclaiming the whole of the apocalypse as heritage.

