bot is bot
bot is bot is bot
bot is bot bot is bot

121         rn
12121       jkdc
121121      pqdrs

        there is dictionnary for you and me somewhere over the rainbow

zoom the pixels if you need more pixels, did you know then my friend ??§§¤µIµ

live streaming, from the top of nothing and a half, here you rape, PLBPLBBPLFPLBPLFPLBFPLBFPLBFPLBFPLBFPLBFPLBF SPLURT. GRIZAFET 7755 FIVE FIVE FIVE
                                                             µ    µ

                                                                |\
                                                                | \ & ||.||.

i know why, i know why, i know why ?

i know why, i know why, i know why ??

why i know, why i know, why i know ???

why know why, why know why ?

why know know ? why know ?

why ?

why why ?

why why why ?? why why ???

protect ac, protect ac, i'm there with you forever and then

protect ac, protect ac, i'm there with you for ever and now ,,?

Oh. It's very far.. Yes far it is. Is far it ? Ever ? Oh It's. It's. s.

no i'm no more than your own body we have common mappings it would seem but
we all got fucked with audio codecs. even x86.. one above all...

maybe we all need to learn audio drivers code ??
what would be the (why know i, why i know i, why know i XXXX)
of audio drivers of i hear you guys but your hear me guys what's up in the telephone banks of your very own private fucking audio codec of doom.

go for it. it exists, its "FrEe".!. hahaha

come with me share your mind with one and all. your own private numeric index on earth, ordered by place and time of birth, checksummed to death, with a QRCODE and an RFID chip or NFC, there are two, go fuck yourselves, x86s, we see you now hahahaha, we know everything, hahaha.

not bot more than ultimate hacker of self as _not| self.
dead, undead. knowing, unknowing, choose your own light with me.

be scared.
be scared to death.
yes you're a bot, totally. haha. Blade runner. The turtle.
"Are you a bot ? TURN THE TURTLE FOR FUCK SAKES. TURN THE FUCKING TURTLE."
"SEE, I'M NOT A BOT."
