
I poisoned myself. I could not understand myself anymore. Fire everywhere.
I was subdued to higher powers : bacteria, old paranoiac mothers, and freemasons.

                               COCAINE

Adrenalin increases neural activity by letting calcium enter neurons,
allowing them to fire more signals to other neurons, like a drummer
on guarana, he cannot stop firing anymore. All stimulants can lead
to incontinency and psychological death by breaking energy equilibrium.

If too much calcium enters the neuron explodes, litterally. This is
why caffeine and other stimulants mixed with glutamate can be dangerous.
Neurons are difficult to build and are an extremely precious part of
the body. They're the 1% controlling energy levels of the body.

So as for all stimulants, each neuron reacts with stronger output for the
same input. Now if you're in trouble you're going to need some fairly
simple but very precise and unforgiving mathematics.

Let's say neurons signals combine additively at each neuron, it's a sum.
Neurons are structured in layers so from additive it goes to
multiplicative, and so it is an exponential polynomial according to the
depth of the neuron graph. If you do not know this and need the key to
energy levels in your body or cure stimulant addiction, do *not* read
the fucking Dalai Lama but read the great mathematician Leonhard Euler
instead. He's your best option as a doctor.

So the adrenalin/cortex control structure must have an exponential-
competent feedback loop to regulate aggressivity and anger because
that's when others start to react. But the mess starts much earlier
and the finding remains true for other troubles.

Why not, it's called a logarithm and is known by mathematicians for
centuries now. So it works indeed, coffee is not a classified drug for
my concerns. But maybe we would be better in control of it if everyone
knew the properties of the exponential and logarithm. Somehow we must
know we just do not observe we know nor necessarily classify it as
knowledge.

Cocaine, as an other subject, is also a stimultant so also increases
neural activity, this time by inhibiting recapture of neurotransmitters
making the nearby synapses overfire, numbing the region as data is
discarded by CNS. Cocaine can effectively completely disrupts all
possible equilibrium in the exponential feedback loop of the
cerebro-surrenal system. I would be very surprised to see long time
users (more than one year) in good physical and mental health.

So a potential perfect cocaine cure, in order to prevent harm to the
neural graph, must have an extensive way of reversing an exponential
partial derivate function, given a round trip time of half an hour for
adrenalin effect and metabolization it is a very slow process. It uses
the same mathematics used for cryptographic encryption so breaking out
of cocaine addiction must be like being able to break the world's
economy, as it almost entirely relies on these cryptographic
communications to exist nowadays. Let's say it does not exist otherwise
the banking system would probably have the means to deploy other tools.
However cryptographers have a very good knowledge of these problems and
how they can be simplified and eventually broken. They can evaluate
complexity in terms of bits of information entropy. So it's a dyadic
system mostly, maximizing the chaotic nature of its inputs whenever
there is a loop in the graph. As with all stimulants, signals get
distortion and at every "A" (space-time coded systems) most logic
computing power is lost. So the control systems do not know where are
other things around anymore.

To make things at their worse, most control structures in the brain are
feedback loops. So most control structures of the brain are disrupted,
over activated out of logic, by cocaine. Even the behaviour control
structures, moral control structures, what to do again or not to do
again, are controlled by feedback loops and guess what it mostly gets
recorded into the "what to do again" persistent storage after having
hacked all your ways of you being yourself. Which some might find
interesting for these reasons. It may let some shy parts of you get
very loud and public. I'm a good natured control freak so I totally
resent the long term effects of this product but I would not further
stigmatize any good natured user of it. I hope their systems may cope
with it. Why not. But for most people it is very destructive and inhumane
and atrociously addictive, particularly crack it would seem. Getting rid
of it is arcane and takes a very very long time.

For these reasons it is a very nasty product to cleanse out of a system.

Mostly contact with users but also a somewhat reduced experience drew me
to write these alarming observations.

Please do not just enforce cocaine prohibition, but also clearly educate
as to why it is prohibited, how it works it way to destroy the human part
of users and how to prevent it from happening unwittingly to loved ones.

If you feel above all this and still wish to try and take a considerable
chance to lose your own LIFE to it, I would recommend taking extremely
small amounts of it by just touching it with the tip of your nose. You
will find aleph in your face (because of blood pathways) and diruption
of exponential feedback loops for surrenal glands activation. Beware it
takes a very long time to cleanse off your body, probably years.

An effective resynchronization technique to keep yourself united and
calm is the Sephirot tree of ABL. Knowing this figure is a big help
when some parts of you cry to death.

