
Informaticians are often

* Problem solvers *

Everything can be rewritten !
 - They have no problem with their own errors
 - They lose sense of the difficult parts of reality
 - They have a return path to optimism
 - They are afraid no-one will return love for their work is very precise and really not commercial.

They cannot afford to remember all the things all the time so they are
very transactional systems. A sign of peace. Easy to steal too.


They spend their lives talking with these very precise and regular machines that never lose control. I would give my life before something threatening to destroy all computers on earth.


They are very sensitive with words, do not try them.
Avoid grammar mistakes or be thankful for their insight they do it as a public service.












DO NOT GET CLOSE TO THE WORDING AND PHRASING CHOICE AREAS UNLESS VERY SKILLED CABALIST AND BE READY TO BE ATTACKED.

Do not leave them too much alone with the electronics and maths it can burn their senses like stimulants can burn a perfectly healthy person. If you're a woman try to know what they have trouble with - it's probably difficult and requiring effort and concentration. They have a perfect nuclear power plant there, at the silent self improvement confirmation effort loop which is unbreakable by anyone and a practical concentration playground. They protect TIME and EGO, A's and B's, of others like their own lives depended on it even when it does not. They need emotional protection and care when doing research. I know I need physical contact with live beings to recover humanity from the electric fires we play with.

Often good with self improvement sports like climbing and walking up mountains
or urban exploration. Not so many gamers, programming is much more fun.

The only truth I know : you need gorgeous females to soothe their manly efforts
to tame all those electrical beasts that all are inviting at home now,
putting it on their lap, bringing it near their ears, and almost burning
their eyes on it, like if our very lives depended on it. We're scared as a
species that some of us will be left behind others because of new technology
truth is it's mostly random but you might get quite rich if you try.

