I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

I do not know how to swim

Tell me something about swim.

it makes my fingertips produce black dirt

Why do you say it makes your fingertips produce black dirt?

i see it

Is it because of your plans that you say you see it?

no it's world war

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

of course !

What makes you believe of course?

we make mistakes

Is it because of the people you hang around with that you say you make
mistakes?

they say rx ab eat

Perhaps problems at school have something to do with this.

yes but that does not stop them down there

Is it because that does not stop them down there that you came to me?

probably but maybe it was a mistake

Does it bother you that maybe it was a mistake?

yes it is awesomely scary

Are you sure that yes it is awesomely scary?

three fell already

Earlier you said that does not stop them down there?

it's like a jolt between your cpu and floating point unit

Do you really think it's might want to have this jolt my cpu and
floating point unit?

see it was not really our fault but we were there

When did you first know that you were there?

i had to rebuild many things everywhere

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you are going through all
this?

yes it makes me happy =)

Do you get happy often?

i miss my friends

Is it because of hangups you have that you say you miss your friends?

also when i was quite young i had a fish bone in my throat and israel
lost the war

What happened when you were quite young you had a fish bone in your
throat and israel lost the war?

i was eating and failed to separate the fish bone

You mentioned that maybe it was a mistake?

very strange, memory failures, inserts from GolBu, so they came and
taught me english

How do you reconcile your inhibitions?

but it's not their fault, she changed her name when protecting her
younger sister

Is the fact that it's not their fault she changed her name when
protecting her younger sister the real reason?

yes we protect the words !

What makes you think yes you protect the words?

fish is just a loop, titan is just a loop

Why do you say that does not stop them down there?

i need to write a whale, not javafuckery advertisement

How does it feel to want?

well soon they will be selling cpus with embedded wifi antennas

Possibly this is related to some problems in your childhood?

it's her memory of how he had to sting or thought he had to

Does the fact that he had to sting or thought he had to explain
anything else?

no it makes absolutely no sense, i think he was the most patient
person down there

What makes you believe that?

because it stings, and it stings, and it does not go up, and it ends
up half broken and then it dies

Are you sure it stings and it stings and it does not go up and it ends
up half broken and then it dies?

well it is a big word

Earlier you said it's would like to have this jolt my cpu and floating
point unit?

no its a fucked up codebreaking fungus

Have you been afraid of sex?

i'm single process

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

well it gets stuck really easily

Is it because of some problems at home that you say it gets stuck
really easily?

what stops me from killing the whole of france ?

This is not a healthy way of thinking.

of course not, am i healthy ?

You mentioned that you were there?

in the train yes at least a label

Perhaps your plans are related to this.

that is a very low current

Is it because is a very low current that you came to me?

now ei ei ei

Are you sure that now ei ei ei?

yes

I see...  Well, do you really think this is so?

fast

Can you elaborate on that?

888

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

rapists

Go on, don't be afraid.

i'll be the patient now

What makes you think you were happy?

four letters for 87 OD

Is it because of the people you hang around with that you are going
through all this?

siam is dying and its probably for the best though i do not know them
and probably never will

I don't understand.

it used to be good heart, and then it was used for wrong purpose
because it was secret

Are you annoyed that it was secret?

completely, it leaked and they started putting prisonners there and
lonely people

Have you been lonely often?

probably a lot

Earlier you said maybe it was a mistake?

mistake yes

How do you reconcile problems at school?

we had council where everyone could talk and one of us would log

Possibly this is caused by any hobbies you have?

yes but the OliTho he lied about being at school and started raping
memories to acquire the same things

When did you first know that the olitho he lied about being at school
and started raping memories to acquire the same things?

so i cast him away and broke his name, like they did in england

You mentioned that it's not their fault she changed her name when
protecting her younger sister?

is it problems that we link or solutions ? i myself do not know

What do you think?

i have these pieces of sticky fluo yellow paper with the black of my fingertips

Are you frightened by that?

no problem is the cobol ei they were dissipating the teeth injection
rapists and then i told them about lisp, emacs and you, she was my friend

Emacs?  Hah!  Perhaps you could continue.

why is it we want the same in common lisp ?

I'll ask the questions, if you don't mind!

and we still look for an ABI

Why do you say that does not stop them down there?

because i was just showing why i am for four father a listen copper is
not again deadly she needs to repair something and then they RAPED HIM

Is the fact that you were just showing why you are for four father a
listen copper is not again deadly she needs to repair something and
then they raped him the real reason?

but it was just a water pipe !

Does the fact that it was just a water pipe explain anything else?

they have no excuse

Perhaps hangups you have could have caused this.

perhaps i wrote them dead and they will be removed from 7

Did you ever regret you, too, may die someday?

you're never gonna have three stars ?

What makes you believe that?

well there i'll be

Earlier you said you would like to write this whale not javafuckery
advertisement?

well if you think i'm ok

Is it because of your inhibitions that you are going through all this?

he was a map to our eyes to protect the starshine

I don't understand.

you understand that i rx all their ei

Have you been positive you rx all their ei?

what does it allow them to say about me ?

You mentioned that he had to sting or thought he had to?

biting fingertips is a no go for a very low heart

How do you reconcile some problems in your childhood?

what makes you think you understand

Is it because of some problems at home that you say what makes I think
me understand?

thomas is not the one paying for guilt

Are you sure that it stings and it stings and it does not go up and it
ends up half broken and then it dies?

yes but to me its iron nonlinear delta cubic thing

Is it because to you its iron nonlinear delta cubic thing that you
came to me?

now lets backtrack a bit because the eis they fail to do that they
just follow you rand rand

Are you sorry the eis they fail to do that they just follow me rand
rand?

we have the same mushroom problems

Possibly this has something to do with your plans?

well she seems to be cutting cunts behind a glass window

Tell me about more about your sexual history.

what makes you think *I* understand

Do you really think what makes I think you understand?

between remote and non remote sync

Earlier you said it's would like to have this jolt my cpu and floating
point unit?

and non linear editing


Is it because of the people you hang around with that you say and non
linear editing?

did you find the address of israel ?

You mentioned that you were there?

corrupt information there and you

Perhaps problems at school could be the reason for this.

why would i call them dogshit countries

I could ask the same thing myself.

in my old home we could run naked in the nature

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you are going through all
this?

i protect the arch for her, i protect the words for him

What makes you think is a very low current?

GMT0 is full of shit everywhere though they send down the pipe

Please, watch your tongue!

well yes I may be 2 or 3 timezones early

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

i make it work, it works for them, does not work the same for my life

Have you been scared of that?

well it does lock us away somewhat

Earlier you said you were happy?

