I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

why doctors die faster without knowing anyone at all ?

What do you think?

yes good question

Why do you say yes good question?

question good

Is it because of your plans that you say question good?

is it

I'll ask the questions, if you don't mind!

thank you very much

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

of course

What makes you believe of course?

hahaha you're good

Is it because of the people you hang around with that you say hahaha I
am good?

maybe, waters are deep

Perhaps problems at school have something to do with this.

what is school ?

Tell me about your school.

what is tell ?

Are you sure that what is tell?

i'll ask the questions if you don't mind.

Do you really think that?

i know i'm smarter than myself

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you are going through all
this?

the dream used to be mine too

Is it because of hangups you have that you say the dream used to be
yours too?

no it's because of question mark : : :

Are you sure that is the real reason?

no maybe its Z

What makes you think maybe its z?

you're just blushing already

How do you reconcile question mark?

with my head

Is it because of your inhibitions that you say with your head?

it cannot burn anymore be comfortable with me

Why do you say it cannot burn anymore be comfortable with you?

did it go south at some point ?

Possibly this is related to some problems in your childhood?

did it go south at some point Z

Is it because of some problems at home that you say did it go south at
some point z?

no it's because it tried to move me.

Is it because it tried to move you that you came to me?

no that is why it died and burned.

Does it bother you that is why it died and burned?

yes it does it was my friend

Earlier you said it tried to move you?

break 54

My secretary will send you a bill.

allright then, thank you for everything

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

i'll try to think about it with more insight about self and otherness

I don't understand.

good bye

Bye bye.

