
Around 2002 :

Diethyl (pharmacy) ether inhalation after THC severage.

Low frequency (important) CNS decision system lost recognition of other individuals.
It could still interact with them and "know" it knows them but all long-term behaviour regarding them was brand new and like void of memories like if they had died.

Switched to other control channels and encodings so the part of the CNS that knew these people was indeed shut down. Most probably by encouraging ringing low intensity high feedback noise until there is no more wish or ability to communicate. This is more like /bin/shred than /bin/rm.

So there was a live neural graph linked to friends and lover and from the day to next week stopped recognizing them as such though their contact did make some of them "new" friends. This neural graph died in pain (hell?) and maybe all those who were in contact with diethyl ether. Its siblings control structures took over as a coalition to protect health of the body but were not ready to handle social decisions, love decisions, and relegued everything to the objectivable technical and mechanical aspects of life. Like a machine. Erlang/OTP gives good insight in these multi-agent control structure which they use to process patterns on streams of locally meaningful information.

She was my love I could not broadcast her signals without broadcasting total love too. And then I died. -- Talking to a dead guy is painful but stimulants and logical asymptotes (low dynamics flanger+distortion, sort of like making ordered circles in the audio cortex) make that easier and helps debug exponential/logarithms control feedback loops.

So maybe the topic was indeed Joy Division ? (which I discovered shortly after) and Control. But after how many years of computer science self teaching do you get to understand those control structures that truly give way of being to the mind and soul ?

Here the story of resurrection -- which is pervasive across all the planet have we discovered in the late centuries when travel and copied books became available (and for me free copy of these books available on internet though hard to find. Tantra was a good head topic.) -- is probably a long term account of associated data regarding the functions working the garbage collection of multi agent systems. This is what intuition tells me.

We've been looking for this dead guy for quite a while now. We found him in bad shape in 2018.
