
I never knew I had so much to learn.

After all, do you care about the size of the oceans when you bathe into the sea ?

In the beginning, every single thing you learn opens way to gates to 10 new other things you can learn too.

But after 20 years, some of the new gates are actually not new at all. I mean if you try to remain continuously introspective on your work you start to get an understanding of important things of life and things you would not understand in society would have an acceptable explaination. Albeit not a satisfying one, learning new things makes you understand totally unrelated other things you already knew for long. Important things. And it give you a way to alter them at least in your own view. And more importantly it allows you to connect them in new ways to other new things and even more interestingly to other old things you already knew. And then you get to break a lot of this "it's just the way it is" mentality that I always hated. This new is old is new feeling is what I was imagining in the word "postmodern" but I never found the word next to its expression in this sense. Yet.

One thing I know : Shannon's entropy is the perfect tool here. It's all binary. We do not copy electronics, we accept a fundamental truth that binary is the most simple way to unequivocally communicate a number. Bacteria could do it. Even dead things like impure silicon can do it. What Shannon was not considering at the time is that the system can have a negative entropy regarding certain fairly known and easy to derive concepts for every participants in the system. We must also amount for the choice of number symbols to be the shape of those systems that work well with numbers. So the visual representation of numbers is the shape that those who serve the rules of numbers (orders) will build without knowing it, because they have to as a group on a 2D map. So it acts more as a checksum, a symbol, a proof of work, than an actual truth as a number what we use to display numbers. That is possible because any walking human has to bodily know about numbers and equilibrium of forces to walk against the earth planet. So these shapes appear somewhere in the body as a result of equilibrium computations. Very early on we now teach children in schools to look out and be very careful about those shapes because they require very specific treatments. A very low number of artists allow themselves to mis-shape numbers even in these periods of all-criticizing craze. But if you are like me, and know about binary, arithmetics, combinatorics and graph theory, then meditating and thinking about the shape of numbers might bring you some insight on their origin and presence everywhere in the body, mind and soul. I would say numbers and their understanding gave me better _insight_ on these matters than any other thing. On the social lookout it is as bad as always so nothing new.

The numbers being hypothetically an emergent property of all participants in the system it needs not have the same entropy requirements than other objects of various entropy levels that we also consider. And the numbers allow you to represent entropy so they definitely have something to tell us about transcending systems and opening doors to some kind of great wisdom.

I say trap them in a box with electric wires and antennas !

