
Light is cold. For sure. Not quantic.
So she goes on one more bit
 one more bit of this red rot he likes so much
 one more bit of this black moist covering this shitty place we call heaven7 with the sun for all to enjoy for as long as they might enjoy it
-and calls it quantic, for the children might enjoy this square of heaven to play with.
it's perfect because it's stupid and does not really need maintainance.
it self maintains its own stupid light source in a stable loop
that's what her magic says about future
i don't know magic but I know some can read it that way
because of binary digits I'm sure it happens in places
magic, oracles, predictions, the dream of statisticians
it's the magic babies try to do to try to know their parents
it's the magic a mother must know to be considered by a probing father
something you cannot forbid
so she goes on one more bit and calls it forbidden.
and it goes on and on, it's every-fucking-where.
they break the righteous mind of linear mindsets, intelligent rational folks, broken time and again by happy numbers, numb in numbers with joy of the walking dead.
they build their own space and represent the world with it.
and if you can become imaginary, as a Man servant, it's ok to them.
they're ok with blinding you and slaving you to death.
it poses no problem to these magicians of life and death.
well it sure poses a problem to me having seen this in myself and others around me.
I want to make so much noise about this, about falling together in line in the future in a place and bodily state we all can enjoy talking and doing things before cruel instincts are allowed to take over. 10000 years is not enough to write what I have seen and thought in 30 years on earth, though I might want to call it Heaven7 because it's walkable earth that is the place.
So ok it mostly works, I mean they give their lives to corporations, social buildings of the church, guilds and feodal state of medieval times, Hobbe's Leviathan sure should be an awesome read about all these matters, the ones who give their lives to force and medicine are the most bearing of all, beyond saying. They see all the worse all the time, in the real world. I hope they sell their souls a very steep amount and take much pride in this terribly ad-hoc setup of intercepting an ennemy in 3D. We still fail to prevent the need for these setups mostly in big land areas with mixed populations where education levels are difficult to maintain.
But after all these efforts, it kinda works : babies die less, people fight less and get smarter, 











When it's too dark it makes a crazy.

The crazy makes more darkness unknowingly.

It likes it for that because everything also does not make sense at the
same time, to allow more pictural gradient visualisations. But also
maybe just because it acknowledges the creation of crazy. Levels of
truth vary enormously with so few words.

At this moment, she might just call it her loss.
Lose faith in her own body. Protect in silence.
One of her loops might cease in starvation. Publish names of the dead
to all if you wish it's your call and responsibility.
I chose to read my own name in light of how things were coming to grow,
it was ugly.

But at some point in time, shortly, you will know an excessive amount
of times what happened and the how steep the weight of your choice was.

Maybe not so much after all to all those not concerned and many are they.
Maybe more than your own life as you were beginning to get used to it.

Please, let man be your beloved appointed builder of your temple, woman.
The time is 2018. Oh and man only ever builds symetrical systems, sorry
if you cared otherwise like for our hearts and sinful stuff.

