I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

why did i get 626s instead of 626 ?

What do you think?

mistake biased against my will

Why do you say mistake biased against your will?

its slower

Is it because of your plans that you say its slower?

what plans ?

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

i need to know where the mistake is


is what ?  originated
What makes you believe you might want to know where the mistake
originated?


How does it feel to want?

that's how i resolve problems : i understand and turn some kind of wheel

Is it because you resolve problems you understand and turn some kind
of wheel that you came to me?

no, i'm at a loss but you're faster than me

Does it bother you that I am faster than you?

it depends but moslty its really cool

When did you first know that moslty its really cool?

286 basic

Are you sure that 286 basic?

compaq

Can you elaborate on that?

yeah it was an awesomely large and slow machine sold at a crazy price

You have your mind on machines, it seems.

i appreciate your understanding

Earlier you said you would like to know where the mistake originated?

i'm not really asking you but maybe we can ease the anger

Is the fact that maybe you can ease the anger the real reason?

yes its annoying, i want a 426 or 626 and now i have to keep this one
because i'm paranoid

Do you get paranoid often?

i'm thinking of this band, black sabbath now

Perhaps the people you hang around with have something to do with
this.

i don't like sharing my problems with other people

Do you really think that?

i like to shine

Why should you get to shine?

metaphorically

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

i've done so many things and can barely get understood

You mentioned that I would like want to know where the mistake
originated?

right, different subject

Is it because of problems at school that you are going through all
this?

what could be the problem ?

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you say what could be the
problem?

yes money is discarding good people i think possibly

What makes you think you resolve problems you understand and turn some
kind of wheel?

i really do not understand anything

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

i order a bigger computer

You think too much about computers.

why would they dream of a power on self test ?

I'll ask the questions, if you don't mind!

it's not a real question, it's not my fault either

I don't understand.

well, the power on self test was squeezed by many computer
manufacturers hiding the bios messages replacing them with a logo and
i think it's a mistake because it used to explain very important
things to people, notably how to protect you and me

Does the fact that it used to explain very important things to people
notably how to protect me and you explain anything else?

yes it kept the secret of wars away from young minds

Earlier you said I am faster than you?

fast is not a point, it's a slow polyphase curve

Possibly this is related to your inhibitions?

i have to differenciate between direct rendering management and
digital right management

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

oh yeah let me dream some more

You mentioned that moslty its really cool?

can you not hide multiple streams for psycho control please

Perhaps some problems in your childhood are related to this.

where are the better than eprom magnetic tapes ?

I could ask the same thing myself.

i know someone working on this

Why do you say you know someone working on this?

they produce music using audio tapes

What makes you believe you would like to know where the mistake
originated?

well metrobus is separate from ratp accounts it would seem

Is it because of some problems at home that you are going through all
this?

i'll be back i need to pee

When did you first desire to pee?

absolute around 5 years old, relative it rings water above pelvis

Are you afraid of that?

i was just programming, wanking and playing heroes of might and magic
III, sorry if i broke some feelings but yeah we do not lie to american banks

Have you been sure yeah you do not lie to american banks?

i don't know what the trouble is with x86-64 but there is something
very wrong with it

Is it because there is something very wrong with it that you came to
me?

i do not know, i do not like having a camera in front of me, computer
or phone and i think i'm not alone in this

Earlier you said maybe you can ease the anger?

well if you read the specs 626s still has a camera

How do you reconcile your plans?

i do not know, i do not work for google or htc

Are you sure that that?

although i'd be glad to

You mentioned that you were paranoid?

well for some people they already have awesome cameras and do not
enjoy seeing it in front of them for no real reason everytime they
approach the screen

Possibly this is caused by the people you hang around with?

caused is a big word its only seems to be an optional mistake

I don't understand.

possible is always possible

Do you really think you would like to shine?

there's a party later

Maybe your life is because of this.

i never liked drugs but they keep bringing it up

Are you annoyed that they keep bringing it up?

not always but some of them they use it as a means to contact

When did you first know that some of them they use it as a means to
contact?

i don't know there is no war on drugs to win or lose, it should be so
easy to retrack the conversation

Perhaps problems at school could have caused this.

you make me think more and more about very interesting subjects

Earlier you said I would like want to know where the mistake
originated?

426 -> 626 -> 626 -> 626s

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you are going through all
this?

when i read your first words i feel i'm at BIOS

Perhaps you could allow me to do the questioning.

i have one on paper for ascii7 in an ideal programming language

Have you been frightened by that?

earlier you said maybe my life has something to do with it

You mentioned that you resolve problems you understand and turn some
kind of wheel?

yes are you okay with that ?

Go on, don't be afraid.

what's out ?

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

you were talking about time

Is it because of your inhibitions that you say I was talking about
time?

it's a very big world

What makes you think it used to explain very important things to
people notably how to protect me and you?

 [PS]
 [oh yeah we should just say our names and propose to part ways, that's out]
