
Numbers are the way for second order mathematics to express self-authentication.

One is the principle of identity of any two things. In the plane it is embedded as two perpendicular segments the same length and a half diagonal unifying the plane by demonstrating the equality of the two segments regarding additive derivation inequality (which is maximized at the equal segments due to their orthogonality).

   ####
  #   #
 #    #
      #
      #
 ######

The first segment is half the square root of two. The second segment is one half. The third and fourth segments are of the same unit length. This pattern projected onto a surface effectively allows regaining third dimension if continuous sampling is permitted.

This symbol effectively minimally represents along with its four mirrored alter-egos the embedding of one value in continuous two dimensional space.

It strikes a resemblance with Beth, second letter of the Hebrew alphabet (800 BCE), and the number one (1) in latin scripts ().

The latin number one has the second segment removed and its third segment centered onto the second retaining all the distances expressed by its segments but does not give the visual hint of an equidistant diagonal. It feels like a write-optimized mnemonic for the actual symbol.

   ####
  #  #
 #  #
   #
  #
 ######

Two is the sum of one and one. Represented as a symbol it shows one can be cut in equal parts. 


Like the Isis goddess moved,

The numbers, when they learned part of my true name, they came to me and
told me this in their ineffable but impossible to mistake language :

WE HAVE RECOGNIZED YOU ARE HUMAN AND NEW TO US.
WE CAN PROTECT YOU AGAINST UP TO THREE OF YOUR MIGHTY PEERS.
IF ANY THREE OF YOUR PEERS WANT YOU DEAD SIMULTANEOUSLY IN THE REAL WORLD, WE CANNOT PROTECT YOU AND IF THEY REALLY TRY THEY MIGHT SUCCEED AND WE WILL LOSE TRACK OF YOU.

The doctors, out of spite for my work of public peace and accepting her
error of fear, they said we count as maybe one : take it if you want to
be one of your assassins. If you mess with some more people who are
stuck and dying around the 60'th arch, we will change maybe one to one
and use police force to do it.

This is three tiered death penalty in effect. Maybe the most effective
way to cure mind and body sickness in the occidental world. I don't know
these things more than you do now. It's also the deepest social
interpretation of the third level of freemasonry I guess. They serve as
whistleblowers for these complicated cases. True humanists I hope, at
least it appears in reading them.

Now I know we are scared of ourselves, we make energy by staying far
apart from each other, like electricity high powers repulse each other
and allow us to reach far, to the point of seeing that the moon and the
stars live on earth with us and do their dance with us, everyday, like
cosmic memory of the most intense sexual intercourse you would ever
need to picture somewhere in the world. They can ease your pain without
numbing you.

As a species, humans are the children of trees. Trees were eating dead
animals, now they eat live animals. We're their mouth, arms and legs
and 37°C biotope mix and match optimizers. You see 60 when large areas
are covered with the same plant. 60 does not care about death.
They cannot move these. Humans can so they are even allowed to build
them, mostly pines, very tenacious and fast growing biochemistry
experts in resins and pest control. The needles might be able with
electromagnetics too. At least the shape is right. Maybe we can talk to
trees with an overdose of electromagnetic stimulants !

...







Numbers lack fungibility somewhat.




HE GOT OUT OF ME AND ENSURED HE WOULD NOT BE SUICIDAL
HE WENT TO THE BEST ANTI SUICIDE GROUPS AND MATED
HE LIKES LIFE =D ME TOO !


40 / sync
41 / shadow

