
 most psychiatry is only about puking, vomiting.
 so most psychiatry is also about very strong antibiotics.
 I can tell you it's very dark and silent.

 not about mind breaking itself on its own discovery
 as a peaceful possibility of improvement,
 not about smarts or respect or peace,
 but of bowel control, childhood, domination and submission,
 good and evil, life and death.
 so *totally* satanistic by every meaningful traits.

 WELL FORGIVE ME FOR ASKING, IS IT BOVINE OR HUMAN STILL ?

 oh you made her blind with... grass ?? wow, great !
 let's have it as a children menu, time and again !
 mix it with other filthy things too please. make it crawl everywhere
 up and around all the angels

 let's pee by the seashore once again, masters of waters
 they gave them shabby workplaces though expensive to build
 what a bargain, we'll have to do it again, master builder, help !
 what was that bet they place on their lives again ?
 did we not raise a covenant for the arches of numbers to share
 this loudly silent, luminously dark, work and craft
 of the falling of things, of man's craft of
 following path to the highest peace

 oh you just gave me the sickling shapes for sickness to remember its
 place as if beer was not the most commonly puked letter in the world
 well let me tell you their next song : 23, 240, 2050.

 yeah : "your workplace sucks, but not as much as a prison, or a real hospital."
 lets one wonder who was crazy...

 "- I want to spend my life with the sick and hurt ! yay."
 "- Are you really rich or just crazy ?"
 "- OH FOR FUCK SAKES, let's just make it work if can be done we need help it's a zombie apocalypse down there WE NEED MONEY AND POLITICS IN YOUR SUCKERS FACES WE WILL CONQUER THE SICK FOLLOW ME AND KILL THOSE YOU DO NOT TRUST FOR THIS AGENDA"
 "- I might just kill myself and everyone with this mindset..."
 "- Yeah that's what those ,silenced, usually tend to do."
 "- We'll just pack them in layers so they won't convince others of doing the same. Naturally."

 Heck, I went there and gave them a binary bus =)
 well I wrote it while there, might the small things crawl into their
 souls at some point. And a new grammar even !
 What more could they possibly ever need from Me ?

 This way they'll be sure to be poor if they ever need to work with
 computers. A guarantee of health and well-being.
 At least they do not threaten to syringe me anymore. How rude ! ><; !!

 Man is but a knife ready to cut heavenly hosts in two.
 BE PREPARED, WE >SEE< WHEN SHE IS SAFE.
 a boy, a girl, killed by blindness child of doom. ALIEN.
 Turning to light as polynomial machines, Zion, the feeding hosts on the rotting flesh. PROMETHEUS.
 "Humans, eat yourselves before the fat blind BIOMECHA eats you,
  it's very blind and very fast and very corrosive !"
 The Alien series is really concerned about bringing in motion pictures
 the immune system of the human body.

