
2018.
Donald Trump, an icon of modern peer to peer think tankers.
Full Q people. Group figures. Bully killers. They trust very sensitively
the transactionality of others regarding themselves and might pay a big
price to make others pay for it too. They tend to justify state power
in this terrible direction and however their sensibility might be not
affected is ensured to be *never* a possible subject of discussion
deploying all sorts of public displays of awkwardness appealing to
resynchronisation methods of audience and making much profit on this
knowledge of others inter-operations. And if you interfere in this
setup they enter your transactionality layers and become like, like
mother fucking god crazy suicide heads suiciding you halfway more than
themselves. You know you do not try to fuck with them. Lannisters.
That is what they strive for, to make others know that others know that.
Intuition tells renal functions for imperative needs of bodily survival.
Not a very good sign to world citizens for these imperatives to show up
at world governance, but at the same time possibly the most innovative
progress possible too. I would see it as a message to take risks and
take all you can and build all you can as good as you can because we
publicly acknowledge we need to not fuck up these big turns in
information technology and electronics, and this for a very large
population of us at the same time. It's a call for Her heart
from extremely skilled third grade master magicians. Beyond that I do
not know, they probably just trade and copy like others. If you are
at a loss, remember green is your next guide and help from this
crazyness if you need health and peace of mind their patience is
almost beyond human reach though.

And her -heart-, like all hearts I've ever looked at, is striving,
treacherous, non-rewarding, and full of sin, like all hearts need
to be filled with the dead's energy and also keep enough ground to
pump it out to all other systems otherwise they leave the body. We
are all concurrent suckers for what makes a good heart ideas.
Just my two cents.

