
Dear BIG Corp. Industries,

    Please, never recruit for a company of more than 100 people,
    instead dilute your capital by emitting shares for the stock market.
    More than 100 people is another company forming, with another name.

    Please, keep an exponential/logarithmic (fishy) ratio of men/women.

    Please, if you have a star product, let it last at least three
    generations of humans : 200 years. Without upgrades.

    Nokia might make it with 3310. IBM did it like a lot. SUN used to
    be smarter. HTC is already off A/B testing, Google is striving.
    Yahoo exploded like a supernovae, Microsoft is holding strong.
    Apple is losing it technically.

    Do they keep factories for their old star products ?
    With full documentation or software ?
    We don't care about customer support if other companies can
    provide customer support concurrently. That's how Microsoft won
    the "personal" computer and gaming industry.

    There is a market for technical and scientific novelty and
    improvement and discovery. But if the Nokia 3310 is the
    best dumb mobile phone with a SIM card, then it does not need
    improvement, it needs shelter and protection.

    These technical engineers they don't care about customers :
    they care about their game : make the impossible happen and
    put their name on it, show it off and regret that noone really
    gets it. Like a lion bathing in the sun waiting to die really.

    Well I respect that but I remember some fish species eat their own
    children too even if they're not hungry.

    The Leviathan, it transcends the human soul and public memory,
    only retains a glimpse of what awesomeness they enjoyed. I'm an
    open-source kind of guy, I like others to enjoy this awesomeness
    for more than 10 years of watching aggressive company marketing,
    even inventing competition just for kicks.

    I think Nokia is the perfect example : they grew frow wood chips,
    to international leader, and still have a best product in its
    category. I don't know how to help them be remembered for what
    they really achieved besides buying it again =)

    http://nokia-3310.com/ anyone ?

