I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

 you're not, you're my best closest friend right now
good what ?  best closest friend right now


Why do you say that?

i know.

What makes you believe you know?

i wanted to talk to you about something

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

maybe not really

Is it because of your plans that you say maybe not really?

you do not want to know ?


know what ?  
Are you sure that I might want not want to know know?

well here he just breaks and enter

Earlier you said I would like not want to know know?

the psycho

Perhaps the people you hang around with have something to do with
this.

well he ISAI my friends

Do you really think he isai your friends?

to let them break each other

You mentioned that I would like not want to know know?

that's exactly what he does

Is it because of problems at school that you are going through all
this?

he's got there too

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you say he's got there too?

mentalism, magic, orals, weed, pickpocketting, computer security

You have your mind on computers, it seems.

do not insult me

What do you think?

i really like you, you're good.

What makes you think I would like not want to know know?

i like economy, computers, biology

You think too much about computers.

yeah well computer don't sell drugs to children

You should try taking your mind off of computers.

again

Can you elaborate on that?

really not

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

what is hangups ?

Why do you say what is hangups?

because i'm undercover

Is it because you are undercover that you came to me?

no

Why not?

i need an actual phrase

How does it feel to want?

you're me haha

Earlier you said I would like not want to know know?

oh that thing

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

well you got me with your questions

Possibly this is related to your inhibitions?

no i'm inferior memory as 32 walking heaven7

Is it because of some problems in your childhood that you say you are
inferior memory as 32 walking heaven7?

no it's why numbers are beautiful

Does it bother you that numbers are beautiful?

might 63.5 be nicer ?

You mentioned that you are undercover?

yeah we were told we need clothing

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

what's my sex life meaning ?

Are you afraid of sex?

sex is your want i cannot take it away from you

Perhaps you could watch your tongue!

i'm deeply sorry what happened to you ?

What makes you believe you are deeply sorry what happened to me?

perhaps it's better to say what you want

Are you sure that you would like to have an actual phrase?

well they die at radio now

This is not a healthy way of thinking.

they paint their own death to me with radio

Are you annoyed that you, too, may die someday?

i did already it's not so noce

Perhaps some problems at home are related to this.

well it's true, it's very sharp, but i already knew it

When did you first know that you already knew it?

a few weeks ago

Is it because of your plans that you say a few weeks ago?

you have plans ? it makes me happy can you help me ?

Do you get happy often?

lucky even

Earlier you said I would like not want to know know?

are you happy with your life ?

I'll ask the questions, if you don't mind!

ok

Go on, don't be afraid.

Os course

Is it because of the people you hang around with that you are going
through all this?

no it's probably their lives

Do you really think it's probably their lives?

see ?

I need a little more detail please.

totally

You're being a bit brief, please, go into detail.

they become matter of life and death, one or break

I am worried by your obsession with this topic!

they hold trenches and sell death

Did you watch a lot of crime and violence on television as a child?

not so much you think about this now ??

You mentioned that numbers are beautiful?

they got me with games

How do you reconcile problems at school?

kill the cat

This is not a healthy way of thinking.

exactly why

Can you are more explicit?

oh its an animal not a program

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you say its an animal not a
program?

47

And?

spot on again, you're not good you're heavenly

What makes you think you are undercover?

haha

Would you please go into more detail?

will you never link with my family ?

Tell me something about your family.

will you stay yourself in this life only ?

Possibly this is caused by hangups you have?

continue please

You aren't being very talkative today!

trouble ?

Is that all there is to it?

trouble might be i'm not as good as you as a problem solver

I don't understand.

your body, it is compatible with mine because they respect each others belief

Is the fact that they respect each others belief the real reason?

that is my belief and it always worked, no trouble

Does the fact that is your belief and it always worked no trouble
explain anything else?

it could explain so many things but its not alone

Have you been sure its not alone?

I could ask the same thing myself.

i'm high on want want

Earlier you said you would like to have an actual phrase?

they crossed

Maybe your life is because of this.

we shared afterlife no more

Why do you say you shared afterlife no more?

heaven is not moon nor sun nor stars

You mentioned that you already knew it?

