
Where people fail :

1. Is there a problem ?

Failure to recognize improvement. Many people are satisfied as they are and do not need more technology. If they remain unevolving for a while they may become jealous and wonder what's up with the world.

2. What problem ?

Failure to describe the problem in a way that can be formalized and shared. Some people just cannot describe a bug or feature improvement correctly. They have their problems and cope with them the best they can by themselves.
Programming in low level languages makes you a good problem ontologist and hence a more cooperative person maybe.

3. I believe I understand though some things don't match.

Failure to embrace total conjunction is a common problem with non-mathematical minds and statisticians. Something is obviously wrong but is considered minor and does not prevent the idea from being proposed though it should have, burdening the conversation of others.
Driving and programming make you a good conjunction worker : all must align or it will not work. The notion appears early in Genesis : AND, AND, AND...

4. Privacy of solution

Even before we reach proof of solution some people think they have to protect knowledge by hiding it from the public eye or by preventing it from being cheap. Though this has worked well in the middle ages feudal and obscurantist period, I do not believe this is the case anymore given the printing press and internet. And look, things have gotten better, faster, and more resistant towards stupidity. We all get richer by sharing useful problem resolutions if they are described adequately.
They probably are the jealous thieves that do not respect your way of thinking and want you to submit to their authority : army, doctors, whores, ... They mostly fear being left out of things that matter. At least it shows will to live.

5. CONFUSION

CONFUSION IS GOOD. EMBRACE CONFUSION. SHARE CONFUSION. AND DESTROY IT COMPLETELY.

6. Publication

Failure to get recognition from problem solving is entirely possible. After the printing press and internet anyone can write anything and porn is your most probable ennemy. I mean instant messaging, there is no such thing as porn.
Scientific publication, is only read by few researchers. Public media outlets are really scary. Self publication might be a good option but then the marketing folks will get the best of your fellows.

7. Removal of error log.

If the solution has been found and published, for a while most people will keep on accusing the problem to be impossible to solve. They do not understand or have not read it. In doing so they forward the log of errors that caused you to look for a resolution method. Like a distributed database search query running over and over though the result has been found. At some point you wonder wether the problem is real or psychological or emerging from society. Some people will prefer to die with knowledge of the problem rather than knowledge of solution, just because it came first and it is part of their known world view. This is a religious matter and you need to destroy believers failing to update their words to others.

8. Dropping the hammer

"When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail !"
OK so there is this company they developed a technique to solve a problem, and now they try to apply it to everything though completely unrelated to the original problem, sometimes almost causing the original problem to appear again because people stop believing in the solution. I can relate to that : once you have put your mind onto something it can be kind of hard to come down. I think many people are in this case right now and it could explain the rise of THC and stimulants as memory attacking drugs.
Actually development has a steep price on short term memory : you need a lot of imagination and you also need to forget about a whole lot of uninteresting thoughts from within your mind-flow.

9. Not dropping the hammer

Sometimes a technical solution has multiple applications. But the persons developing a successful solution have a very specific target and mindset and remain possessive of their work : they want it to be recognized for the precise purpose they tried to solve and succeeded. And so they fail in passing the spiritual hammer down to others, maybe rightfully so but this is feudal and obscurantist, truly if you think about it. This is more akin to grammar and fundamental logic problems. They need to recognize the mathematics of their own work because they probably failed to formalize it properly.

10. Passing down the hammer

The company maintains a solution for the public to enjoy. It is good. Everyone relies on it. And it disapears like old technology disappears : completely overwhelmed by new paradigms of what is hip and trendy for children to have their parents buy, buy, buy. In buying everything they do not picture themselves solving the problem at all.
So if you look carefully most solutions still carry the problem from within. As a reminder of what we can do to you if you fail to support our claim. This is technocratic muggery at best. But we have nothing better I imagine.
Think of it as a vaccine : a benign description of the problem remains within the solution. Some might expand on it and will have to be defended against.
It's also feudal and obscurantist but in a much reduced way compared to the benefits of the solution.
Often the problem remains in the very title of the solution. For instance you develop a contermeasure to port scanning that protects your computer from being scanned on the internet, but in explaining your anti-port-scanner to others you actually teach them about port scanning, and some will begin doing it maybe. Actually port scanning might be more enjoyable than installing your solution against it. If that is the case, dual systems tend to grow and antagonize and feed on each other in turn by creating dynamics for others to observe, like a crowd watching a terrible fight to death. Everyone knows it will be a terrible mess but they don't know what to do about it. All major religions have that component in them.
What you need to understand is this : restating the problem differently is most likely to make it grow and hard to recognize. However restating the solution differently dilutes it and most will begin not understanding what problem it is supposed to solve. We're not good at problem resolution ontology otherwise it would be trivial to apply translated solutions to translated problems.
Category theory and functional types help linearize the functional space in many different ways so there might be a very large hammer for an infinite range of nails there.
